chore: Update issue templates (#172)
Redocly/openapi-cli: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:

> 1. Go to '...'

Reviewer: It is a CLI tool so I think we should adjust the steps (there is no Go to, Click on). Maybe just remove it and ask users to specify the command they use in the terminal

> 1. Go to '...'
> 2. Click on '....'
> 3. Scroll down to '....'
> 4. See error

Author: ```suggestion
1. Given this `.redocly.yaml` file
2. And this OpenAPI file(s)
3. Run this command with these arguments... `openapi ...`
4. See error
```

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Logs**
If applicable, add logs to help explain your problem.

**OpenAPI definition**

> If applicable, add an OpenAPI definition that helps reproduce the problem.

Author: ```suggestion
If applicable, add an OpenAPI definition and `.redocly.yaml` configuration file that helps reproduce the problem.
```
